NARRATOR: In pursuit of
his eighth Kalos Gym badge
and entry into the Kalos League,
Ash challenged Gym Leader
Wulfric at the Ice‐type
Snowbelle Gym. However,
our hero was roundly defeated.
NARRATOR: With the burden
of doubt on their shoulders,
Ash and Greninja disappeared
separately into the forest.
But along with great
challenge comes great growth,
as the two of them
finally learned how to harness
the true power of Ash‐Greninja!
NARRATOR:
Now, with renewed spirit,
Ash prepares for his
rematch to earn his final badge!
SERENA: Hey, Ash...
ASH: It's okay. I know what
to do. I see the way to go!
BONNIE: Now's the time to go
and win your eighth Gym badge!
ASH: Right!
ASH: 'Scus ,
but I'd like a Gym battle!
PUPIL: A rematch, huh?
We've been waiting for you!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
WULFRIC: Well, well...
Back for another match?
ASH: Yeah!
WULFRIC: How are you?
After our last battle...
WULFRIC:
I shouldn't have worried!
WULFRIC: You know what?
Forget my last question.
WULFRIC:
All right, shall we begin?
No doubt you're a fiery one.
Let's see if your fire's
enough to melt my icy resolve!
PUPIL: But, sir!
PUPIL:
I haven't stated the rules yet!
WULFRIC: It's fine!
It's fine! We just battled, so
‐WULFRIC: Right?
‐ASH: Right!
Let's get this show on the road!
WULFRIC: Exactly.
PUPIL: Excuse me,
but this is an official battle!
WULFRIC: Don't get lost in
the details. You know what?
Whoever loses three
Pokémon loses the match, right?
Simple, RIGHT?!
PUPIL: Right
CLEMONT: Wulfric sure is bold
SERENA: He can hardly wait
to get the battle started!
WULFRIC:
You know what? Let's begin!
BERGMITE: [APPEARING]
PIKACHU:
[SURPRISED] [QUESTIONING]
ASH: It's a Bergmite!
SERENA:
He didn't use it last time.
CLEMONT: I wonder how
Bergmite's go into attack
ASH:
'Kay, achu! You're up, buddy!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
PUPIL:
All right then, battle begin!
ASH: Here goes. Electro Ball!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
BERGMITE: [DODGING]
ASH:
I knew Bergmite would slide
WULFRIC: Now, Icy Wind!
BERGMITE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Pikachu, heads up!
PIKACHU: [DODGING]
BERGMITE: [ICY WIND MOVE]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED YELLING]
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
ASH:
Keep it up with Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE] [RUNNING]
BONNIE: Hey, what's wrong?
CLEMONT: An additional
effect from the Icy Wind.
Keep an eye on Pikachu...
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
CLEMONT: Icy Wind is
chilling Pikachu's body
and slowing it down!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
BERGMITE: [SLIDING]
ASH: Okay! Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
BERGMITE: [PAINED]
BERGMITE: [SLIDING]
WULFRIC: So Pikachu is
still moving quickly...
You know? Bergmite,
your specialty! Use Sharpen!
BERGMITE: [SHARPEN MOVE]
ASH: What's Sharpen?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
SERENA: Sharpen?!
BONNIE: What's that do?!
CLEMONT: It's a move
that sharpens Bergmite's body
and increases attack power!
WULFRIC: Now Rapid Spin!
BERGMITE: [RAPID SPIN MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu, dodge!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION] [YELLING]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION] [PAINED]
ASH: Pikachu, no!
CLEMONT:
Pikachu's really slowing down.
All those attacks...
What will Ash do now?
PIKACHU: [EXPLAINING]
ASH: Got it. Run around
and around and around!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE] [RUNNING]
WULFRIC: What's going on?
PIKACHU: [RUNNING]
ASH: Yeah! Looking good!
‐WULFRIC: What?
‐CLEMONT: Of course.
BONNIE: Whaddaya mean of course?
CLEMONT: The increased
body temperature melted
the ice on Pikachu's body.
SERENA: Looks like it's also
melting‐ Wulfric's icy resolve!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
WULFRIC: Fascinating. Now,
Bergmite, again! Use Rapid Spin!
BERGMITE: [RAPID SPIN MOVE]
PIKACHU: [RUNNING] [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Pikachu, use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
ASH: Now use Iron Tail
PIKACHU:
[EXERTION] [IRON TAIL MOVE]
BERGMITE: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [LANDING]
BERGMITE: [STUNNED]
WULFRIC: Impressive...
PUPIL:
Bergmite is unable to battle
and Pikachu is the winner!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Awesome!
BONNIE: YAY PIKACHU!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT:
So different than before!
SERENA: Yeah.
Ash is back. The Ash I know!
WULFRIC: Bergmite, return!
WULFRIC: You know what? I was
waiting for that kind of fire...
WULFRIC:
Avalugg, you're up next!
AVALUGG: [ROARING]
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
WULFRIC: You know what?
It's time to
really turn
up the heat, challenger!
ASH: Right! I'm gonna
turn it way up and then win!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH:
You ready, Pikachu? Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
AVALUGG: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Avalugg, Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [YELLING]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Now slide and dodge!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
WULFRIC: I expected that.
Avalugg, Gyro Ball!
AVALUGG: [GYRO BALL MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Use Iron Tail
on the battlefield!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ASH: Awesome!
WULFRIC: Now Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
ASH: Quick, Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: NO!
PUPIL: Pikachu is unable to
battle! Avalugg is the winner!
AVALUGG: [TRIUMPHANT]
ASH: Great job, buddy.
You're the best.
PIKACHU: [GRATEFUL]
WULFRIC: Please.
I need more heat than that.
WULFRIC:
So Who's your second Pokémon?
ASH: It's right in here.
Go Talonflame!
TALONFLAME: [APPEARING]
WULFRIC: Interesting
All your Pokémon have
such fire in their eyes...
ASH:
Watch this! Use Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Avalugg, Stone Edge!
AVALUGG: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING] [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Now then,
did you feel the power in that?
TALONFLAME: [RECOVERING]
ASH: 'Kay nflame
Steel Wing, let's go!
TALONFLAME: [STEEL WING MOVE]
AVALUGG: [PAINED]
AVALUGG: [ROARING]
ASH: Still standing!
WULFRIC: Now that's some power.
Use Avalanche!
AVALUGG: [AVALANCHE MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Burn it up, Talonflame.
Use Flame Charge!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
AVALUGG: [PAINED]
TALONFLAME: [CALLING]
WULFRIC:
Now that's a powerful move!
AVALUGG: [STUNNED]
PUPIL: Avalugg is unable to
battle! Talonflame's the winner!
ASH: Great job, Talonflame!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
TALONFLAME: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: So that means
Ash has two wins now!
SERENA:
He's gonna win this time!
CLEMONT: But this is no
time for overconfidence.
WULFRIC: Avalugg, return!
Trust in your Pokémon,
and there's no limit
to what you can achieve!
ASH: Right!
I totally believe in them!
WULFRIC:
I want to learn more about you!
All right, Abomasnow, let's GO!
ABOMASNOW: [APPEARING]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Abomasnow's last
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
WULFRIC: Show me more
of who you really are!
ASH: Right!
Now Talonflame, Steel Wing!
TALONFLAME: [STEEL WING MOVE]
WULFRIC: Wood Hammer!
ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: OH NO!
WULFRIC: So you want to defeat
me? The battle's beginning now!
ASH:
Talonflame, Flame Charge, go!
TALONFLAME: [FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
WULFRIC: Abomasnow, Ice Shard!
ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [DODGING] [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Now use Wood Hammer!
ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
TALONFLAME: [PAINED]
ASH: Talonflame, NO!
TALONFLAME: [STUNNED]
PUPIL: Talonflame is unable to
battle! Abomasnow's the winner!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
SERENA: Even using Talonflame,
Ash couldn't defeat
Abomasnow with speed.
CLEMONT: They skillfully
closed any escape routes
using Ice Shard.
CLEMONT: That Gym Leader
isn't fooling around.
ASH: You battled hard. I'll make
sure it doesn't go to waste.
ASH: Time for my last Pokémon...
ASH: Now! It's time for you
to see our true power! Greninja!
I choose you!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
WULFRIC: Oh, here we go.
I've been waiting for you!
ASH:
All right, Greninja! Aerial Ace!
GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
GRENINJA: [LANDING]
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Energy Ball!
ABOMASNOW: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
ASH: Use Cut!
GRENINJA:
[CUT MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [GRUNT]
GRENINJA: [PAINED] [LANDING]
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Use Wood Hammer!
ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
GRENINJA: [SHOCKED]
ASH: Quick, block It!
GRENINJA: [PAINED]
GRENINJA: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Now, Greninja TOGETHER!
ASH/CLEMONT/SERENA/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Avalugg!"
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE:
Yippee! A giant Water Shuriken!
CLEMONT: Yeah...
SERENA:
They look so great so strong!
BONNIE: Yay, Ash‐Greninja!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
WULFRIC: Feel the heat!
ASH: We're just getting stronger
and stronger and stronger!
WULFRIC: You know what?
Show me your future, Ash.
I need you to show it to me NOW!
ABOMASNOW: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: Wood Hammer!
ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
ASH: 'Kay eninja! Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [YELLING]
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [LANDING]
WULFRIC: You know what?
It's like a completely different
Pokémon than it was before...
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [LANDING]
WULFRIC: You were here
just here a few days ago...
How could you have
gotten so much stronger?
ASH: Working with my Pokémon,
that's how! Strong‐together!
WULFRIC: I can feel it.
The two of you
are battling as one!
ASH: It's like
Greninja woke up a new power
that's deep inside of me!
And this challenge is
our very first battle
in control of our new power!
WULFRIC:
Yes, it is fully on display.
Your real power,
your heat, and your future, so!
You know what?
Now I must respond...
ASH‐GRENINJA, PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
ASH: A Key Stone!
WULFRIC:
Bare your fangs, power of ice!
It's time to Mega Evolve!
M ABOMASNOW: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
SERENA: ItMega Evolved!
ASH: Mega Evolved!
WULFRIC: This is from your heat.
Your fire is burning bright!
With such an opponent,
responding with
Mega Evolution is a courtesy!
ASH: We'll give it our all!
Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
WULFRIC: Use Ice Punch!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE PUNCH MOVE]
M ABOMASNOW: [CHALLENGING]
SERENA: Just like that
BONNIE: Everything froze!
CLEMONT: Mega Evolution
increased its power a lot.
SERENA: It's okay.
Ash can do it! I'm sure!
WULFRIC: Now, Ice Shard!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DODGING] [PAINED]
ASH: Greninja, Double Team!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ASH: Now Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
WULFRIC: Wood Hammer!
M ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [YELLING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
ASH: So strong!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
WULFRIC: Ice Shard!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
ASH: Greninja, Cut, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
WULFRIC: Amazing
M ABOMASNOW: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Cut again!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
WULFRIC: Ice Punch!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE PUNCH MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [FOCUSING]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [LANDING]
WULFRIC: Bring it on
ASH: So it's like that...
WULFRIC: Wood Hammer!
M ABOMASNOW: [WOOD HAMMER MOVE]
ASH: Glide on the frozen blades!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [EXERTION]
[LANDING] [SKATING]
BONNIE: Awesome!
CLEMONT: Simply incredible!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [JUMPING]
WULFRIC: Now what?
WULFRIC: Use Ice Shard!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE SHARD MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DODGING]
M ABOMASNOW: [QUESTIONING]
M ABOMASNOW: [FRUSTRATED]
ASH: Now, Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
WULFRIC: Ice Punch!
M ABOMASNOW: [ICE PUNCH MOVE]
M ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
ASH: Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
M ABOMASNOW: [PAINED]
WULFRIC: My ice... you broke it!
M ABOMASNOW: [STUNNED]
PUPIL:
Abomasnow is unable to battle!
That makes Greninja the winner
and that means the match
goes to Ash the challenger!
ASH: Yeah!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GRENINJA: [EXCITED]
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
All RIGHT!
BONNIE: Congrats, Ash!
SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
CLEMONT: Excellent! You did it!
CLEMONT:
You won your eighth badge!
ASH:
Yeah. Thanks a lot. You, too!
SERENA: Now this is the person
I admire so much. Welcome back.
WULFRIC:
Well That battle had HEAT!
ASH: Thanks!
WULFRIC: What was it,
Ash‐Greninja? It was strong!
I got to see
something impressive.
WULFRIC: I can give this
badge to you with confidence.
WULFRIC: Here. Take it.
The, you know,
Snowbelle Gym Iceberg Badge!
ASH: This is so great.
ASH: Wow,
I just got the Iceberg Badge!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
HAWLUCHA/NOIVERN: [EXCITED]
SERENA/BONNIE/DEDENNE:
[IMPRESSED]
SERENA: It's amazing
seeing them all there!
CLEMONT: Yeah!
It almost takes my breath away!
SQUISHY: [IMPRESSED]
WULFRIC:
You know what, young man?
You have all the Gym badges now.
One thing left to do.
Head for the Kalos League!
ASH: Right!
WULFRIC: You're greatly
loved by your Pokémon,
and now I see how
much you believe in them,
so you know what?
I find myself liking you a lot!
Now see for yourself
just how far you can go!
ASH: Right!
ASH: I wanna thank all of
you so much. Now it starts.
ASH: There'll be lots of strong
Trainers at the Kalos League.
Sawyer's waiting for me there,
too!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: Yeah! Let's all head
there together
and move right into NUMBER ONE!
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
HAWLUCHA/NOIVERN: [CHEERING]
NARRATOR: With Ash's hard‐earned
eighth Kalos Gym
badge safely in hand,
it's time for our
heroes to look directly toward
the Kalos League, where powerful
rivals and excitement await,
as the journey continues!